1. The maximum number of nodes at level ‘l’ of a binary tree is 2^l.
   For root, l = 0, number of nodes = 2^0 = 1 
   Since in Binary tree every node has at most 2 children, next level would have twice nodes, i.e. 2 * 2^l 

2. The Maximum number of nodes in a binary tree of height ‘h’ is 2^h – 1.

3) In a Binary Tree with N nodes, minimum possible height or the minimum number of levels is Log2(N+1).

4) A Binary Tree with L leaves has at least | Log2L |+ 1   levels. 

5) In Binary tree where every node has 0 or 2 children, the number of leaf nodes is always one more than nodes 
with two children.

6) 6) In a non empty binary tree, if n is the total number of nodes and e is the total number of edges, 
then e = n-1 

TYPES OF BINARY TREES
---------------------

1. Full Binary Tree

 It is also known as a proper binary tree.
 A Binary Tree is a full binary tree if every node has 0 or 2 children.
 We can also say a full binary tree is a binary tree in which all nodes except leaf nodes have two children. 
 
2. Complete Binary Tree

 A Binary Tree is a Complete Binary Tree if all the levels are completely filled except possibly the last 
 level and the last level has all keys as left as possible.

 A complete binary tree is just like a full binary tree, but with major differences:
 1. Every level must be completely filled
 2. All the leaf elements must lean towards the left.
 3. The last leaf element might not have a right sibling i.e. a complete binary tree doesn’t have to be a 
   full binary tree.

Complete Binary tree != Full Binary Tree

3. Perfect Binary Tree
 A Binary tree is a Perfect Binary Tree in which all the internal nodes have two children and all leaf 
 nodes are at the same level. 

 In a Perfect Binary Tree, the number of leaf nodes is the number of internal nodes plus 1:
 L = I + 1,  where L = Number of leaf nodes & I = Number of internal nodes.

 A Perfect Binary Tree of height h has 2h+1 – 1 node. 

4. Balanced Binary Tree:-

 A binary tree is balanced if the height of the tree is O(Log n) where n is the number of nodes.

 It is a type of binary tree in which the difference between the height of the left and the right 
 subtree for each node is either 0 or 1.

 The height of the left leaf child and the right leaf child should not be nore than 1 or
 the depth of the node should be either 0 or 1.

5. A degenerate (or pathological) tree:-

 A Tree where every internal node(or just a node) has one child. Such trees are performance-wise same as 
 linked list. 

 A degenerate or pathological tree is the tree having a single child either left or right.
 The child node can be either left child or a right child. 

6. Skewed Binary Tree:-
 
 A skewed binary tree is a pathological/degenerate tree in which the tree is either dominated by the left 
 nodes or the right nodes. 
 
 Thus, there are two types of skewed binary tree: left-skewed binary tree and right-skewed binary tree.
 
 All the child nodes should be either a left or right. Both left and right child nodes in the same tree isn't 
 a skewed tree.